# The Good Ol' College Try.

```
If you're reading this then you are choosing to allow me to expose
myself a little bit in a format that I'm more comfortable with.  
```

This recording is a more than simply a musical album; it's also a
record of what I believe to be the positive results of the best and
hardest years of my life.  The intention is to showcase a wide range
of skills I have developed out of neccessity in a constant effort to
improve myself while trying to survive out here.  

The entire project is produced off a highly compact system of hardware
synthesizers and other electronic devices I've kitted out into a
mobile recording studio / pop-up performance piece while off on a
`field expedition`, and reflects an honest love and appreciation of
the art of electronic music under arduous circumstances.


## Multiclassed Art/Skill Forms.

In an effort to prove my technical skills as well as my artistic
skills, instead of a little pamphlet you'd get with some kickass
artwork and the lyrics to the songs along with your physical copy of
the music this album includes some kickass artwork as well as a
`qr-code` that links to my personal website; where I literally own
a physical machine to serve up whatever I want and do whatever I want
through the internet.  

At the end of this link you have found a certain little slice of the
web meant to embody the ideals the late nineties to mid two-thousands
by the way of being a genuine contribution to the netscape at large
rather than some kind of business or ;solution; that nobody asked
for.  

I can upload and share my own hand-made files to anyone who wants
them using infrastructure entirely maintained by me from end to end
with no third-party service involved other than the
`Internet Authority` themselves; hell, anyone reading this most
likely found their way here through word of mouth and must have
noticed my slick domain name that you've never heard of but is still
pretty simple to follow if you were trying to remember.

__*That's what I do as a computer guy.*__


## Openness and Transparency in a Kind-Of Insular Order.

I've met a lot of very talented people during the build up to
composing this collection, and I'm very flattered that they have
contributed their voice to my life and inspired me to dive deep into
myself and work hard at something that matters.  In keeping with this
wave of comraderie and collaboration I'm cultivating a more personal
touch with my work to inspire someone else `kind of like I have`.  

As such, everything used in the production of this record is to be
reflected on in some creative fashion as personal inspiration for
further work as well as packaged and distributed in a way that makes
it easier for other `plunderphiles` to produce work with what they
already have.  Pay it forward, don't pay it back.
